Q. what is aws (2 words)
Q. what are aws regions (1point)
Q. are most aws services region scoped
Q. give 4 points how to choose aws region
Q. what is availability zone, are they located seperately, are they connected to each other
Q. what are edge locations or point of presence
Q. what 2 kind of services aws contains
Q. is IAM regional service
Q. what is full form of IAM 
Q. 2 types of iam accounts
Q. what are users and groups in iam (1point)
Q. can user belong to no group or multiple groups
Q. what is iam policies, in which format it is, can they be applied to users or groups or both
Q. what is least privilege principle is policies
Q. write a iam policy
Q. 5 points to set strong password policy
Q. what is the main use of MFA
Q. 2 types of MFA 
Q. 3 ways to access AWS and how type are protected
Q. should we share our access key
Q. what are IAM roles, why should we use them
Q. what are the 2 IAM security tools and on which type of account they are available

Q. what is EC2 (1point)
Q. which other 3 services EC2 used with 
Q. about EC2 user data script -> when does it run, how many time does it run, which type of account can run it, what can this script contain
Q. give example of EC2 naming convention
Q. name all 4 EC2 instance type
Q. which instance type is the best balance of memory, compute, networking
Q. which instance type is best for high performance cpu tasks
Q. which instance type is best for real-time applications
Q. which instance type if best for data warehouse

Q. what are security group, how they are used with EC2
Q. can one security group be attached to multiple EC2
Q. is security group region scoped
Q. whose error is it when you website says timeout error
Q. what is the default behavour of inbound and outbound traffic
Q. what is ssh
Q. what is EC2 instance connect, on which OS of EC2 does it work on
Q. name all 7 types of EC2 purchasing options with help of hotel anology
Q. which purchase option has the highest cost
Q. in which purchase option we pay for what we use
Q. which purchasing option is best for short-term and uninteruped workload
Q. what are the 2 reservation periods available in reserved instances
Q. what is the scope of reserved instances
Q. what if we exceed savings plans
Q. can we use difference instance families in savings plans
Q. what is the scope of savings plan
Q. which is the cheapest plan
Q. in which instance we can loose instance at any time
Q. which purchasing option is the most expensive
Q. which purchasing options give a instance used just by you (not shared)
Q. what is capicity reservation pricing option, how are you charged
Q. In which pricing option we can reserve instances in a perticular AZ for any duration

Q. what is the role of EBS (1 points)
Q. can it be binded to multiple EC2 at a time
Q. is it bound to a perticular AZ
Q. can EBS be deteched and attached to other EC2
Q. since we cannot use an EBS across AZ, which feature allows us to do that
Q. is it ondemand or according to capacity
Q. can we attach multiple EBS to an EC2
Q. which EBS volume is deleted when EC2 is terminated
Q. what is the use of EBS snapshot (1 point)
Q. how to make EBS snapshot 75% cheaper
Q. what is the full form of AMI
Q. is AMI region scoped
Q. what is AMI used for
Q. can we launch an EC2 instance from AMI
Q. what are the 3 options from where we can launch an EC2 from AMI
Q. which type of drives EBS are, what is the limitation (1 point), what is it's alternative
Q. do EC2 instance store retain data after EC2 is stopped
Q. what is the use case of EC2 instance store
Q. what are the 6 types of EBS volumes
Q. which EBS volume is the best balance of performance and price
Q. which EBS volume give the best performance
Q. which EBS volume is best for less frequently accessed data
Q. which 2 types of EBS volumes we can use as boot volumes
Q. what is EBS multi attach, which EBS volume is best for it, how many ec2 we can use in this arrangement

Q. which type of file system EFS is
Q. what is the limitation of EBS snapshots ( 1 point )
Q. EFS advantage over EBS (1 point)
Q. how is it compared to EBS in terms of pricing
Q. which OS does it works with
Q. does the price reduce if we move EFS to infrequent access

Q. what is vertical and horizontal scalling in terms of instances, which one promotes high availability
Q. which 2 AWS services are used with horizontal scalling
Q. 4 advantages of load balancer (spread, expose, failure, check)
Q. why choose ELB over configuring your own (1point)
Q. name all 4 types of ELB
Q. can we attach security group to ELB
Q. which ELB support web sockets
Q. which ELB is best for container based and micro services
Q. which 3 types of routing LB support
Q. what 2 things are present in target groups of ALB contains
Q. which 4 types of remote machines ALB support
Q. can one target group contain multiple remote machines, if so then which service is used to manage them
Q. can ALB be attached to multiple target groups
Q. which ELB is used for extreme performance
Q. difference between target group of NLB and ALB
Q. which ELB is used to attach a layer of security in the form of target group in middle of user and application
Q. which 2 remote machines does GLB support
Q. what are sticky session (1 point)
Q. which 2 ELB does sticky session work with
Q. why use sticky session (1 point)
Q. what is the one disadvantage of sticky session (1point)
Q. what is cross zone load balancing (1point)
Q. what will happen without cross zone load balancing
Q. in which ELB cross zone load balancing is enabled by default
Q. what is the full form of SSL
Q. what is the full form of TLS 
Q. how are SSL and TLS related
Q. how is SSL related to client and load balancer
Q. which aws service is used to manage load balancer's SSL certificate
Q. what is the full form of SNI, what it is used for
Q. can ELB serve multiple hostnames
Q. do we use target groups to seperate different hostnames 
Q. which 2 ELBs support SNI
Q. what is connection draining ( 1point )

Q. is ASG free
Q. 4 works ASG does on instances
Q. which aws service is used with ASG to automatically inc/dec etc. instances
Q. what are the 3 dynamic scaling policies in ASG
Q. what is the period of scaling cooldown in ASG, how to set custom period

Q. which aws service is used to store RDS data
Q. does it automatically increase storage
Q. how many "read replica" are supported in RDS
Q. does read replica also work with write
Q. is read replica async/sync
Q. give me one use case of read replica
Q. can we use read replica across regions, if can then does it cost
Q. what is RDS custom (1 point)

Q. is Amazon Aurora has better performance than RDS, what about cost

Q. what is ElastiCache used for 
Q. how ElastiCache is used for DB caching (1point)
Q. how ElastiCache is used for user session store across applications (1point)
Q. does ElastiCache support IAM authentication
Q. does ElastiCache support replication, if does then does it support across multi AZ
Q. what are the read/write behavour of primary and replicated nodes
Q. what if we enable cluster mode in ElastiCache replication
Q. what is stale data problem in caching, which technique is used to solve this


Q. what does DNS does (1point)
Q. which aws service is used to register/buy domain name
Q. which 2 domain records are used the most, explain them (1point)
Q. load balancer expose an url which domain record be used to map this url to theblogforeverything.com
Q. give example of full structure of domain name and explain each part
Q. how dns is resolved, what is the work done by all 4 dns servers
Q. who manages the Local DNS server
Q. which aws service manage SLD DNS server
Q. what does the 5 things Route 53 record contains
Q. what are hosted zone in route 53 (1point)
Q. what are the 2 hosted zones route 53 support
Q. what is routes 53 alias records, how is it different from CNAME record
Q. which record should be used to map theblogforeverything.com to a ALB
Q. can we set TTL on alias record
q. can we set alias record on EC2 DNS name
Q. explain the 6 routing policies of route 53
Q. what are the 2 type of values simple routing policy return
Q. how client choose which value to use in simple routing policy
Q. how to stop sending traffic to perticular resource in weighted policy, how to send equal traffic
Q. in geolocation routing policy what to do if a region does not match any IP
Q. how to change amount of traffic in geoproximity routing policy
Q. which route 53 tool is used to analyze geoprozimity routing policy
Q. Domain registrar vs dns server, what is route 53 then
Q. what we use route 53 to manage our domain if we registered using godaddy
Q. does route 53 allows health check on resources, on which type of resources
Q. what is calculated health checks of route 53
Q. since route 53 does not perform health check on private endpoints, how can we do that

Q. what is VPC (1point)
Q. what does subnets do (1point)
Q. what are 2 types of subnets
Q. what is the use of route tables
Q. what is used to connect public subnet to internet
Q. what is used to connect private subnet to internet, define the structure
Q. what does Network ACL do, what are they attached to, different between NACL and security group (1point)
Q. what VPC Flow Logs do (1point), which aws services can be used to save this info
Q. what is VPC peering (1point)
Q. what is VPC endpoints (1point)
Q. site to site VPN vs Direct Connect (1point), which one is physical, which one is private

Q. can static website be hosted on S3
Q. what is S3 bucket (1point)
Q. is S3 bucket region scoped
Q. what are S3 objects
Q. what are keys in objects 
Q. are s3 objects encrypted
Q. 4 ways to ensure s3 security
Q. write an S3 bucket policy
q. which security tool should be used for "public" access to the bucket
q. which security tool should be used for "IAM user" access to the bucket
q. which security tool should be used for "AWS resource" access to the bucket
Q. can IAM user from another account access s3 bucket, if so then which security tool to apply
Q. why use S3 versioning (1point)
Q. what happens to previous versions if we disable versioning
Q. does S3 support replication, which bucket feature should be enabled for it work
Q. 2 types of S3 replication, is the replication sync/async
q. use case of Cross region replication (1point)
Q. will S3 replicate old object if we enable replication, if not then which feature solves it
q. will bucket 2 is replication of bucket 1 and bucket 3 is of bucket 2, will changes in bucket 1 replicated into bucket 3
Q. explain all 7 s3 tiering (1point)
Q. which tier is used for frequently retrieved data
q. which tier is used for disaster recovery
Q. which glacial tier takes most/least time to retrieve
Q. how to automatically move s3 buckets between different tiers
Q. what are the 2 actions in S3 lifecycle rules
Q. what is S3 analytics (1point)
Q. which aws service is used to trigger event when an event occure in s3
Q. what is multi-part file upload in S3 (1point), are the parts uploaded one by one or in parallel
Q. what is S3 transfer acceleration (1point)
Q. what is S3 byte-range fetches, what it is used for, are these fetches parallel or synchronous
Q. what is S3 select, is it server/client side, which language is used to filter
Q. 2 ways to encrypt s3 object
Q. 3 ways to encrypt objects server side, which one is enabled by default, in which type HTTPS is required and why (1point)
Q. what is CORS (1point), how it is used to access s3 bucket
Q. MFA required for s3 to (2points), which account can perform MFA delete, which feature should be enabled to perform MFA delete
Q. what is s3 access logs (1point), where are these logs logged, should we create a seperate bucket for logging
Q. use case of S3 pre-signed URLs (1point)
Q. s3 access point vs bucket policy (1point)
Q. what is the use of s3 object lambda, how access point come into play (ecommerce and analytics, convert file format)

Q. what is cloudfront (1point), where is content cached
Q. what is the security machenism of cloudfront called
Q. explain diagram how s3 or ALB is used as cloudfront "Origin", how s3 is connected to edge location
Q. cloudfront vs S3 Cross Region Replication (1point)
Q. what is cloudfront Geo Restriction (1point)
Q. what is cloudfront signed url/cookies used for (1point)
Q. cloudfront signed url vs s3 pre-signed url (1point)
Q. can we reduce number of edge locations, does it reduce cost
Q. what is cloudfront multiple origin (s3 and ALB example)
Q. what is the use cloudfront origin groups (1point), can there be different resources in the group, how many secondary origins can be there
Q. what is field level encryption use for (1point)

Q. what is docker (1point)
Q. what does docker do (1point)
Q. 2 benifits of container
Q. 2 services which store docker images
Q. how to access public repositories in ECR 
Q. how many containers can run on one server, can each container run on different language
Q. which aws service is used to run docker containers
Q. about EC2 launch type in ECS ->  do we have to maintain the infra, who takes care of stopping/starting containers, what is ECS cluster, what is ECS tasks
Q. how to increase the scale in ECS 
Q. what is Fragate launch type in ECS (1point), do we have to configure ECS tasks
Q. what are the 2 IAM roles for ECS (1point), explain ecs task roles with dynamo DB and S3 example
Q. which 2 load balancer can be used with ECS
Q. which ECS types can use EFS
Q. what does ECS Service Auto Scaling do (1point), how is it different from EC2 auto scaling, can both ECS types use it
Q. what is ECS rolling updates
Q. example 2 types of ECS rolling updates
Q. what is ecs task definition, can it contain multiple tasks
Q. do we have to enable inbound traffic on ECS's ec2s from ALB when using ALB, on which launch type we have to do it
Q. can we attach IAM role to task definitions
Q. 1 places where we can store environment variables for ECS
Q. what is ECS bind mounts used for, does it work on cluster or EC2 or task definition level, does it work with both type of ECS, 
Q. what is ECS task placement (1point), which ECS type is supported
Q. explain the 3 task placement strategies, can we mix different strategies together
Q. what is ECS task placement constraints (just define it)

Q. EKS

Q. what problem does EBS solve (1point), do we still have full control, is EBS free
Q. what are the 2 deployment modes
Q. what are the 4 updates options in EBS
Q. what is blue/green deployment in EBS
q. how is EBS's traffic splitting different from blue/green deployment
Q. what is EBS CLI (1point)
Q. why use EBS's lifecycle policy
Q. which aws service does EBS use under the hood
Q. can we clone EBS environment
Q. can we change the Load Balancer after Beanstalk environment is created, if not then what is the work around
Q. which either one of 2 file should be available for EBS to run single docker container, does EBS use ECS when using docker
Q. which file to run multi docker container in EBS
Q. what is the use of worker environment used with web servers
Q. when should we create a custom platform for EBS, in which file AMI is defined

Q. what was the problem with deployment till now without CICD (1point)
Q. full form of CI and CD
Q. what 2 things happen in CI stage 
Q. which is aws alternative for github
Q. what does CD do (1point)
Q. what are the 2 aws services used for CICD, what are their alternative
Q. which 3rd service is the alternative to EBS for automatic deployment
Q. which file is need in the project by codebuild
Q. how to use s3 to store reusable pieces of project which are not changed during redeploy (caching)
Q. how to store logs during codebuild
Q. can we run codebuild locally on our computer
Q. which file is used by codedeploy regarding deployment configuration
Q. for codedeploy what agent should the ec2 instances be running 
Q. define in-place and blue/green deployment in codedeploy
Q. does codedeploy support rollback, what 2 type of rollback are they
Q. what does codestar do (1point)
Q. what does codeartifact do (1point)
Q. what is the use of codeguru (2points)

Q. what 3 words describe cloudformation
Q. where we have to upload cloudformation template
Q. what about updating the template
Q. in which 2 file format cloudformation template is written
Q. how is the template deployed
Q. what are Resources in cloudformation
Q. can resources reference each other
Q. can resources be created dynamically in cloudformation or we have to declare everything
Q. why are parameters used in cloudformation template
Q. what is the shorthand for referencing parameter in yaml  
Q. what are pseudo parameters in cloudformation, give 2 examples
Q. what is mapping in cloudformation, give region example
Q. which fn is used to access mapping values
Q. what are outputs in cloudformation
Q. can we delete the referenced stack if it's output is used by other cloudformation stack
Q. can we attach security group to the output stack
Q. what are conditions in cloudformation, give example of 2 logical functions in cloudformation
Q. what is !GetAtt, give example of attribute of EC2
Q. what is !ImportValue
Q. what is !Join, give one example
Q. to which version cloudformation rollback in case of failure
Q. what is the work of change set (1point)
Q. difference between cross stack and nested stack (1point)
Q. what is stackSet in cloudformation (1point), does is work on multiple account or regions
Q. what does cloudformation drift do (1point)

Q. name the 3 services used for monitoring in AWS
Q. what are the 4 parts of cloudwatch
Q. what is metric and dimension in cloudwatch metrics, give example
Q. what id EC2 detailed monitoring
Q. can we define custom metrics in cloudwatch, which api is used for it
Q. what are the 2 parts of cloudwatch logs
Q. 4 places where cloudwatch logs can export the data
Q. how much time does is take for logs to be ready for export
Q. what is cloudwatch subscriptions
Q. give the structure of cloudwatch logs aggregation, does it work on multi account and regions
Q. what are the 2 options available for ec2 to log events on cloudwatch, what's their difference
Q. what is cloudwatch logs filter (1point)
Q. what are cloudwatch alarms do (1point), based on watch it trigger notification
Q. what is composite alarms in cloudwatch alarms (1point), what are the 2 conditions on which alarms are triggered
Q. can alarms be set based on cloudwatch logs

Q. Event Bridge

Q. what does AWS X-Ray provide (1point)
Q. 2 ways to enable x-ray
Q. which technique is used to reduce cost of x-ray
Q. which 2 values we can tweek in Sampling to save cost
Q. in which file we can enable x-ray for EBS
Q. 2 ways of integrating x-ray with ECS

Q. what does cloudtrail do (1point), from what 4 places does it keep track of api calls
Q. is cloudtrail enabled by default
Q. what can be used to store the logs of cloudtrail
Q. what are the 2 type of events cloud trail manage, which one is enabled by default
Q. which cloudtrail feature detect unusual activities in aws account
Q. for how many days does cloudtrail stores recored, how to increase it

