Q. is nodejs single threaded
Q. how nodejs achieves asyncronous behavour 
Q. which type of connection is established between client and server
Q. what is the role of TCP and IP
Q. different between server and client side rendering (1point)
Q. what 2 things is nodejs build of
Q. what 2 things libuv provides to nodejs
q. what is the relationship between program, process and thread
Q. what are the 3 things which happen inside the thread of nodejs and what is the order of their execution
Q. how does event loop, callback queue and thread pool work together
Q. on what type of architecture nodejs is based on
Q. explain event driven architecture with help of app.get('/',(req,res)=>{------------})
Q. what are the 3 stages in event driven architecture
Q. what does streams do in nodejs (1point)
Q. what are the 4 type of streams in nodejs
q. which type of module system nodejs use
Q. which type of module system is used in browsers
Q. what are the 5 steps which happen when we require() module in nodejs
Q. what are the 4 steps nodejs takes to resolve modules
Q. what happens in the wrapping stage of module resolution, where does require() come from

Q. what does APIs do (1point)
Q. full form of REST and API
Q. what are the 5 principles of REST
Q. give REST url structure for deleteTourByUser
Q. should resource name in url be singular or plural
Q. give example of JSend response format in REST 
Q. explain stateless with help of nextpage example
Q. what is middleware in nodejs
Q. is everything in nodejs a middleware

Q. what are the 2 parts in mongodb
Q. which document structure does mongodb use
q. difference between json and bson (2point)
Q. what are the 2 parts of mongoose 
q. what are the 3 pillars of MVC architecture
Q. difference between models and controllers (1point) - explain with help of validation, sorting, responding
Q. models vs controllers - where should we put most of the logic
Q. best way to handle errors in nodejs (1point)
Q. what are the 4 types of relations between data
Q. name the 2 type of data modeling, what are their other names
Q. what is the advantage and disadvantage of referencing and embedding (1point)
Q. what are the 3 conditions on which we should decide either use referencing or embedding
Q. what are the 3 type of referencing and when to use which one